# Social-Listening-Winning-Customers-Back-Using-Sentiment-Analysis-and-Topic-Modeling
Social listening tracks brand “pulse” on social media. This project uses Twitter data on Victoria’s Secret and applies LDA topic modeling to uncover what people discuss (e.g., diversity, body standards, cultural appropriation). It turns key topics into actionable brand and marketing recommendations to rebuild trust and loyalty.
Introduction
Social listening is defined as “the process of monitoring social media channels for mentions of your brand, competitors, product, and more”. Nowadays many brands endeavor to do social listening to track its “pulse”, i.e., its image in consumers’ minds. Twitter is the most major channel through which brands conduct social listening. This tutorial uses the brand Victoria’s Secret as an example to demonstrate how brands can understand consumers’ perceptions and react to them through topic modeling, or more specifically, the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) method. Victoria’s Secret is the world’s leading lingerie, clothing, and beauty retailer. Needless to say the brand is well known for its high visibility marketing and branding, including an annual fashion show with supermodels dubbed Angels. However, in recent years, the brand has been described as “from glory to crisis”. The brand has been widely criticized for its lack of diversity, for having overly skinny models, and for cultural appropriation. The purpose of this tutorial is hence to help Victoria’s Secret understand (1) what customers have been tweeting about the brand, and (2) how to win customers back, i.e., to design marketing strategies in reaction to the most severe issues that VS is faced with.

